Tutorial through sbt (#2)
xebia-functional/tictactoe: docs/Workshop.md

   - *Note:* A whale 🐳 icon in the top status bar signifies Docker Desktop is running and can be accessed from a terminal.

### For Windows Users

1. Click on the Windows start menu.
2. Begin typing "Docker Desktop".
3. When Docker Desktop appears in the search results, click on it to launch.

   - *Note:* A Docker icon in the Windows system tray signifies Docker Desktop is running and can be accessed from a terminal.

### For Linux Users (Using Ubuntu as an Example)

1. Click on the Ubuntu 'Show Applications' button located at the bottom of the sidebar, or press "Super+A".
2. Begin typing "Docker Desktop".
3. When Docker Desktop appears in the search results, click on it to launch.

   - *Note:* A Docker icon in the status bar signifies Docker Desktop is running and can be accessed from a terminal.

## How to Run the Project

To run the project, follow the steps below:

```bash
# Launch sbt
sbt

# Inside the sbt shell, enter the following command. This will incrementally compile the project and execute the `dockerComposeUp` task whenever a source file changes.
~scaladays-workshop-2023/dockerComposeUp
```

## Infrastructure

### build.sbt

#### Project Structure

> [![](https://mermaid.ink/img/pako:eNqVkctqwzAQRX9FTLc2JMoioEIhfmwKWbl0U3chrEktrIeRx01NyL9Xdg0hu2Z3dTiagTsXaLxCEPAVZN-yt6x2jB0-ahgaaaSS05CefeiG1vcp3_BdDZ-zkc0Ghm8MK8gjIKLcaHS0siKyxlvr3ev7cWXljVUrOrA0fWHZLebLhiUWy-wllnM02nUVTQbZhg0UfIfiiWOj9tvk75metaJW8P7n-d7fPujzB_3dP3xIwGKwUqtY-GX-H0tr0WINIkaFJzma2F7trlGVI_lqcg0ICiMmMPZKEhZaxlPZe1gqTT6AOEkz4PUXfjyaBQ?type=png)](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNqVkctqwzAQRX9FTLc2JMoioEIhfmwKWbl0U3chrEktrIeRx01NyL9Xdg0hu2Z3dTiagTsXaLxCEPAVZN-yt6x2jB0-ahgaaaSS05CefeiG1vcp3_BdDZ-zkc0Ghm8MK8gjIKLcaHS0siKyxlvr3ev7cWXljVUrOrA0fWHZLebLhiUWy-wllnM02nUVTQbZhg0UfIfiiWOj9tvk75metaJW8P7n-d7fPujzB_3dP3xIwGKwUqtY-GX-H0tr0WINIkaFJzma2F7trlGVI_lqcg0ICiMmMPZKEhZaxlPZe1gqTT6AOEkz4PUXfjyaBQ)

Reviewer: We could use https://github.com/dwijnand/sbt-project-graph to generate the graph and link here the generated image.

![projects-graph](https://github.com/xebia-functional/tictactoe/assets/720923/4f4c51a3-d2b5-465d-b837-0404d3d090e3)

Reviewer: Even use some [online viewer](https://dreampuf.github.io/GraphvizOnline/#digraph%20%22projects-graph%22%20%7B%0A%20%20%20%20graph%5Brankdir%3D%22LR%22%5D%0A%20%20%20%20node%20%5B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20shape%3D%22record%22%0A%20%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%20edge%20%5B%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20arrowtail%3D%22none%22%0A%20%20%20%20%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22commonJS%22%5Blabel%3D%3CcommonJS%3E%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22commonJVM%22%5Blabel%3D%3CcommonJVM%3E%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22scaladays-workshop-2023%22%5Blabel%3D%3Cscaladays-workshop-2023%3E%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22server%22%5Blabel%3D%3Cserver%3E%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22tttClient%22%5Blabel%3D%3CtttClient%3E%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22scaladays-workshop-2023%22%20-%3E%20%22server%22%20%5Bstyle%3Ddashed%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22scaladays-workshop-2023%22%20-%3E%20%22server%22%20%5Bstyle%3Dsolid%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22scaladays-workshop-2023%22%20-%3E%20%22tttClient%22%20%5Bstyle%3Ddashed%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22scaladays-workshop-2023%22%20-%3E%20%22tttClient%22%20%5Bstyle%3Dsolid%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22server%22%20-%3E%20%22commonJVM%22%20%5Bstyle%3Dsolid%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%22tttClient%22%20-%3E%20%22commonJS%22%20%5Bstyle%3Dsolid%5D%0A%7D)

Author: This actually uses mermaid, like your second graph. I had ai draw them for me, because @rafa was doing the graphs. I expect they will be replaced by his stuff.

* The "scaladays-workshop-2023" project depends on the "server" and "tttClient" projects.
* The "server" project depends on the "commonJVM" project.
* The "tttClient" project depends on the "commonJS" project.

This means that changes in "commonJVM" will affect "server", and changes in "commonJS" will affect "tttClient". Both "server" and "tttClient" are part of the "scaladays-workshop-2023" project, so changes in these projects will affect the main project.

#### Intermediate/Advanced SBT concepts and documentation

> 1. **CrossProject**: A `crossProject` is a project that is built for both the JVM and JavaScript platforms. In this `build.sbt`, `common` is a `crossProject`. [Documentation](https://www.scala-js.org/doc/project/cross-build.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **CrossProject**: A `crossProject` is a project that is built for multiple platforms. In our case, the JVM and JavaScript platforms. In this `build.sbt`, `common` is a `crossProject`. [Documentation](https://www.scala-js.org/doc/project/cross-build.html)
```

> 2. **ScalaJSPlugin**: This plugin enables the compilation of Scala code to JavaScript. It's used in the `tttClient` project. [Documentation](https://www.scala-js.org/doc/sbt-plugin.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **ScalaJSPlugin**: This plugin enables the compilation of Scala code to JavaScript. It's used in the `tttClient` project. [Documentation](https://www.scala-js.org/doc/project/)
```
